Chapter 298
Chapter 298 D ream
“I see,” Roland put his hands around her, carried her by the waist and set her
gently on top of  the bed. This simple action was already enough to make him
breathless. He opened the thin blanket, and went to lay on the bed next to
Anna with her head nestled on his arm.
The next step should be… foreplay?
Roland discovered that he was much too nervous, it can’t go on like this, as
someone known as an “experienced” person, I cannot make a fool out of
myself in front of a little girl. Maybe I’ll be able to ease the mood w ith a
light chat and then do the action, for example… m aybe some lines from a
porno?
As he was still racking his brain, Anna’s soft voice sounded in his ear: “That
time in the hot air balloon when you pushed me out of the way, did you ever
think about the possibility that you might die?”
Roland felt shocked; he’d never expected that she would ask him this
question, “I just did it without thinking.”
“You are someone who will become the ruler of Graycastle, you are also the
hope of us witches,” she whispered, “I am unworthy of you doing so much
for me.”
“This isn’t a question of worth,” Roland murmured. “I cannot just stand by
the side and watch indifferently as you suffer an attack. As a matter of fact,
even now, after waking up and thinking about it carefully, I can tell you that in
case it hadn’t happened so suddenly and if I had the time to think it over, I
would still have acted in the same way.”
“There is nothing I can do to prevent you from doing it again, right?”
“Yes, there is nothing,” Roland said as he pinched her nose with his other
hand.
Anna’s eyelashes fell, and after a moment of silence, she opened her mouth
once more, “Can you tell me something about your past… I would like to
know more about you.”
“Oh, the past,” Roland said, he took a deep breath then searched through the
4th Prince’s memories, while preparing to tell one or two entertaining
anecdotes of his life in the palace. But before the words could leave his
mouth, he swallowed them back dow n. His past wasn’t the life he had here,
but the life he’d lived in another, very different world; so instead he said, “I
used to live in a big city, in a tremendously big city.”
“Yes, Graycastle’s King’s City is several times larger than Border Town.”
“When I was born, I wasn’t any different from any other ordinary person, I
was somewhat clever in trivial matters, but not so intelligent that I could do
everything at ease. In regards to studying, I could be considered as
hardworking, thus I would often receive praise from the teacher. But he
didn’t know, that I was the one who had drawn the hard to erase graffiti on
the classroom walls.”
“He certainly wouldn’t dare to blame you.” Anna murmured.
“Haha, that’s unlikely. It wouldn’t have been necessary for him to do a nything
to me, he merely needed to inform my parents,” Roland smiled, then shook
his head. “At that time, they taught me to never start off leniently.
“Then, as I grew older, my teachers kept changing, from primary school
teachers, to academic advisors, until I finally completed my studies having
had neither good n or bad grades. Of course, compared to other people’s
children, in the end, I still fell short by a bit…”
He half-closed his eyes, being able to speak about his experiences after
altering them a bit and no longer concealing them, gave him a feeling of
freedom he hadn’t felt in a very long time since he’d crossed ove r. Since his
arrival, he had been playing the role of the Prince, but right now, he felt as if
he was returning to his past. As if he was only lying in a hotel room designed
to fit a classic style, together with the girl he liked, making one another feel
safe and warm. Thanks to this, his nervous mood a lso gradually relaxed.
Is perhaps now the time for the next step?
Roland turned his head slightly, only to discover that Anna had already
closed her eyes, and her chest, snugly placed at his side, was calmly moving
up and dow n, looking like a kitten which had stepped into the land of dreams.
He just stared blankly at her for a moment, but soon after he couldn’t stop
himself from laughing out loud.
So it was like this… she was also tired.
Think of it, to conceal their whereabouts; the witches had looked for a small
hidden place within the mountain ridge two nights ago. But they still needed
to guard against any possible beast or Devil attacks during the night, which
had meant that they’d almost gotten no sleep during the night. And then, the
next morning, even as the sun had only just lightened up the sky, they’d
already continued their race on Cloud Gazer while heading back towards
Border Town. At the castle, Anna had also spent the last night in his
bedroom, constantly keeping watch over him. Thus, during the last two days
and nights she hadn’t even had one moment of rest, making it very easy for
her tiredness to ove rwhelm her the moment she let herself relax. It would be
a wonder if she weren’t exhausted right now.
The other side’s reason for coming this day, might be because she was too
anxious to wait any longer.
Although it was a pity, Roland did not care about this oppor tunity passing,
after all, there were still many days ahead of them.
He moved closer, kissed Anna’s eyelashes, then whispered, “Good n ight.”
*
When the morning light fell through the window curtains into the room,
Sylvie climbed out of bed unable to suppress her yawn.
The experiences of the last days seemed just like a dream, from the discovery
of the Devils to the fight in the air, and lastly their escape back to Border
Town, gave her the thought, that even if they had been encircled and chased
by the Church’s Army of Judges, she wouldn’t feel as tense and exhausted
like now.
“Good m orning,” Wendy, having changed her clothes long ago was now
carrying a basin of water prepared for washing their face and rinsing their
mouth.
“Good m orning,” she nodde d, “You got up quite early.”
“I’m old,” Wendy smiled, “So the time I need to sleep has also become less
and less.”
“Oh, it is already dawn?” Nightingale said sleepily as she rubbed her eyes,
“It seems I have to take a nap at noon.”
“Didn’t you sleep well last night?”
“Yes, I had many dreams.”
Sylvie curled her lips disapprovingly; she had clearly seen that the other side
had stealthily went off to the third floor of the castle, moving back and forth
in front of the Lord’s door  for a long time. However, because of
Nightingale’s unique ability, she couldn’t see what Nightingale was doing.
Anyway, it had already been late by the time she’d come back. “Last night,
you didn’t…”
The moment she began to speak, Nightingale suddenly turned around, staring
straight at Sylvie. Her slightly narrowed eyes made her meaning self-evident
– thus, the latter had immediately closed her mouth. Everyone with eyes had
been able to see the strength of the number one combat witch in the Witch
Alliance. The image of her swiftly moving through the sky and killing the
Devils like a wraith was still vivid in her mind. If she ever came to Sleeping
Island, Sylvie feared that even Lady Ash wouldn’t be her oppon ent. So, when
she received the silent warning, Sylvie felt that it would be better if she
didn’t act too curious.
“What happened last night?” Wendy asked in wonder.
“Keke,” she said, “I heard her snore last night, it must be because of the large
amount of energy she’d used up in the past few days.”
“That must be it,” Nightingale agreed while shrugging her shoulders. She
took off her nightgown, revealing her well-proportioned and harmonious
body , and began to put on the undergarment which had been gifted by His
Highness.
That said, by  now, even Wendy had fully accepted this clothing, even going
so far as recommending it to her.
Sylvie had no choice but to say, His Highness Roland was indeed a very
fearful man.
But when she thought of him, Sylvie’s heart was also filled with warmth.
There actually exists a noble who willingly sustain injuries for a witch.
When she had seen Roland bravely dashing forward, with no thought to his
personal safety, and push Anna’s body  out of harm’s way, at the bottom of her
heart, she felt touched. All the witches of the Witch Alliance weren’t some
tools he intended to control. But they are important people to him, even…
companions. His reaction at that moment couldn’t have been a lie; he is
indeed standing on the side of us witches, just like Tilly Wimbledon.
If Roland and Tilly can stand together hand in hand, and unite the strengths of
both cities, they might truly be able to create a new country. A place where
witches and ordinary people make no distinction between what’s their’s and
what belongs to the other.
She decided to write a letter to Lady Tilly.
“Your older brother, His Highness Roland, is truly a good pe rson.”
