Chapter 385
Chapter 385:  Cause and Effect
Translator: Meh Editor: – –
“Don’t be so upset, Lord Mayne.” Zero held her hands behind her back and
slowly circled the square. “The church was originally founded by the Union
anyway, so His Holiness only did this so that the witches could get back what
was theirs. If you win, you can also get my memories and experiences—
wealth I accumulated ove r the past 200 y ears.”
“I see. Letting Zero use the Reflection Church was already strange because
even if she were the Pope’s favorite, she was still a Pure Witch and shouldn’t
have been given access to the church’s deepest secrets. Unfortunately, I
didn’t realize this soon enough.” Mayne was silent for a while before saying,
“If you win, where do y ou plan to lead the church to?”
“To victory,” she said, raising her head, “or destruction… just not towards
the Fjord Islands.”
“W… w hat?”
“You think no one knows about your secret orders?” Zero’s tone contained a
trace of mockery. “Right before a great battle, you sent resources to the port
of Kingdom of Everwinter to repair ships and support sailors. Plus, you sent
a large number of scapegoats to the gallows. These are all costly expenses,
practically impossible to hide from the church.”
“Shoot, O’Brien even entrusted her with the Pivotal Secret Area’s
intelligence agency.” He thought silently. “That doesn’t prove anything! As
the Pope, I need to think in the long-term to ensure that the church survives
under any circumstances.”
“Do you even believe your own words?” Zero laughed. “Right after you
accepted the scepter in front of all those believers, you started thinking about
your own future, and you lost your will to win the Battle of Divine Will
before it even began—do y ou think a mortal like you can earn the approval of
God?”
“What approval of God?” Mayne couldn’t help but scream. “If his approval
was really protecting us, why were the humans suffering defeat after defeat?”
He panted heavily and rasped. “Meanwhile, we need to rely on God’s
Punishment Army to battle the demons, so time is of the essence, and there’s
nothing you can do to change that.”
“No, not just God’s Punishment Army,” whispered Zero. “The fate of
mankind shouldn’t rest in the hands of a few people.”
“Are we suppos ed to count on you witches?” Mayne chuckled coldly. “Don’t
forget that it was your kind who failed us 400 y ears ago!”
“The witches are also only a small group.” She stoppe d walking and stared
directly at the Pope, her eyes chilling him to the core. “This battle will
decide the survival of all of the mankind, so everyone needs to be involved
—men, women, the elderly and children will all become honored warriors
and join the fight against the demons, or else… they’ll all die.”
“That’s absurd. You plan to send those civilians who are scared senseless by
demonic beasts against actual demons? You must be out of your mind…”
Mayne suddenly stoppe d, as he realized she wasn’t joking and was seriously
sharing her plans with him. “The only way to give civilians the ability to
fight was…”
“You want to feed all of them Pills of Madness?” He asked in disbelief.
“One enchanted person is no match for a God’s Punishment Warrior, but what
about ten?” Zero turned her head and asked. “Not only is there currently a
steady supply of demonic beasts running rampant, but the Pivotal Secret Area
might also be able to invent a few new formulas. Five years later, the church
will have a supply of around three to four million pills. What does this
mean?” She paused. “It means that besides God’s Punishment Army, the Holy
City can also send out an army of millions of maddened men to participate in
the battle against demons.”
“You’re… insane!”
“Insane? You’re the insane one for not taking the Battle of Doomsday
seriously!” The Pure Witch suddenly roared. “Both the Union and the church
used small groups to fight against their enemy’s full force, which is why they
failed. No one is exempt from this battle, and mortals can’t hide behind
God’s Punishment Army or witches forever—as I said, this is a fateful battle
that requires everyone’s full efforts, otherwise we won’t be able to contend
with the demons in the Barbarian Land!”
A Pure Witch raised by the church would never say such a thing because this
was the mentality of a conqueror. Mayne’s face grew pale. “You are… an
absolute mutt!”
Your Holiness O’Brien, did you really foresee all of this?
“Accepting knowledge is a part of the process of self-change, and only the
exchange of thoughts can bring progress.” Zero inhaled sharply. “Perhaps we
should stop chatting and decide who the ruler of the church should be.”
“Don’t bet on winning,” said the Pope through gritted teeth. “I built this
world!”
As soon as he finished speaking, Red Mist appeared at his feet and began to
spread. Zero seemed slightly taken aback. Suddenly, she grasped her throat
and screamed a tortured cry, her face curling up like orange peels, falling off
in chunks, and spewing blood e verywhere, soon losing its human form.
“This is the demonic mist hidden in the Pivotal Area’s traps and only affects
witches with magic pow er,” said Mayne bitterly through the Red Mist. “If I
fill the entire square with it, you’ll be left to suffer endlessly and die a
thousand times!”
“Is that so?” A gust of wind suddenly cleared all the Red Mist around the
Pure Witch, and the reborn Zero said painfully, “Of course, the new Pope has
some tricks up his sleeve. If you headed straight to the library of the Pivotal
Secret Temple in the beginning, this battle would be even more difficult—bu t
this is also the fun part of the Battle of Souls.
“Is that… a Stone of Windpow er?” Mayne noticed a ring with a green crystal
on her finger. “The stone’s area of influence is limited, so as long as I keep
my distance, I can break this shield with a God’s Stone of Retaliation bolt.
But just to be safe, I should make some preparations.” He racked his brain,
created two Pills of Madness, and swallowed them.
“Oh, smart idea,” said Zero with a grin.” Your biggest weakness is in your
fighting ability, so the duo-colored pill can increase your strength, agility,
and pain tolerance, so it’s much harder for me to attack you from afar with
weapons such as crossbow bolts.”
Mayne ignored her, moved to an area unaffected by the Magic Stone, and
focused on creating a God’s Stone of Retaliation. The Pills of Madness were
kicking in, and he felt his strength increase rapidly and sight become very
clear. When he created the God’s Stone of Retaliation, it would make the
most effective weapon against the witch, and she would die of erosion by the
Red Mist if she tried to attack him.
She’s also making her own weapon—what is it? A pair of long swords?
It makes sense to have bolts, but what does she need swords for?” Also, the
structure of the swords is very strange, with a blade as broad as her torso
and encrusted with many crystals, seeming strangely familiar.
Zero raised the weapons in her hands. “Do you know? In the Illusion Room
of the Reflection Church, there is more than one recorded image.”
What does that mean?
“Did you forget what His Holiness O’Brien said? Alice’s battle with Natalia
was completely recorded by the Union,” she said carefully. “Besides
absorbing memories, watching and learning are also talents of mine.”
As she said this, the crystals on the swords lit up one by one, as if they were
signaling something. And then a bright golden light emerged from the swords
and ripped through the Red Mist, shooting straight into the sky. The sky also
seemed to respond to this pow er by shooting dow n thousands of bolts of
light.
“What… kind of ability is this?” Mayne stared in shock.
Before getting the answer, he was surrounded by an engulfing golden light,
which seemed to tear the entire world apart.
*******************
The cage fell slowly to the bottom of the God’s Stone cave.
Zero threw the clothes on her shoulder onto the ground and walked out of the
cage. The scars from whippings had all disappeared from her back, as if they
had never been there.
The Verdict Warrior standing guard lowered his head respectfully and
handed her a prepared golden robe—the clothing signaling the highest
authority in the Church.
With the help of many attendants, Zero put on the baggy robe and walked
straight to the Pivotal Secret Temple, not sparing even a single glance ba.
