Chapter 388
Chapter 388:  The Sigil of God’s Will
Translator: Meh/TransN Editor: – –
These words confirmed Roland’s guess, which was that the God’s Stone of
Retaliation did not affect magic pow er, but witches’ abilities.
“Besides the Chaos Beast, did the Quest Society find any other ways to
produce Magic Stones?”
Agatha shook her head. “It’s easier said than done. The Union once had a
witch who could turn God’s Stones of Retaliation into regular stones, but all
she did was to remove the magic pow er—it wasn’t nearly enough to even
produce the simplest Stones of Light.” She turned to Sylvie. “You can see the
form of magic pow er, so you should also be able to see the real forms of
these crystals.”
“It’s a ball of faint… fog,” Sylvie said with an unsure tone.
“This is one of the ways magic pow er gathers.” Agatha nodde d. “The Quest
Society examined and recorded almost 10,000 w itches and Magic Stones,
and they found that most unevolved magic pow er came in the form of fog,
cyclones, blown sand, light balls and flames. They might look similar, but
each had an infinite amount of minute differences, which was why we
believed there were no two identical magic pow ers. As for magic pow ers
that were condensed after the High Awakening, their shapes differed even
more.”
“Its light is dimming,” Tilly suddenly pointed to the Stone of Light in
Roland’s hand and said.
“That’s because I only channeled a small amount of magic pow er,” Agatha
explained.
“But I once saw a Stone of Light in the Fjord ruins that never dimmed,” she
said confusedly. “If those underwater ruins belonged to you, then can you
also make a Stone of Light shine for 400 y ears?”
“Underwater ruins?” Agatha was shocked. “Did some Union members go to
the Swirling Sea?” She shook her head and dismissed this thought. “It’s
possible to make a Stone of Light shine forever, but it requires more than 10
witches.”
“More than 10… ”  Anna mumbled. “Is it transferring magic pow er?”
“Yes. Some witches can refill others’ magic pow er or directly exchange the
magic pow er collected from two people. This way, a witch can channel much
more pow er than the amount she has in her own body  and cause a Magic
Stone to act continuously.” Agatha returned the Stone of Light to its original
brightness. “However, this method doe sn’t work on every kind of Magic
Stone. Usually, only the Stones of Mist with the simplest form of magic
power can be used this way, such as Stones of Light or Echo Stones, which
aren’t much help in battle.”
“But they would be very useful in the castle,” Roland said excitedly, staring
at the box of Stones of Light.
In a time before the Electrical Age, these things would be perfect lighting,
and he was sick of weak and flickering candlelight. Candles were alright in
the winter, but working in the office in the summer was absolute torture, not
to mention it’s horrible for his eyesight. Now, these magic stones could
brighten the entire castle, even at night.
“They would?” Agatha asked disapprovingly. “I think they would be more
useful in the laboratories, especially if we want to keep producing liquid
oxygen at night, because open flames are too da ngerous.”
“Um… Is she asking to work overtime in addition to the eight hours during
the day?” Roland tilted his head. “Ahem, let’s take a look at the Magic
Stones in the other boxes first.”
A quick check showed that besides Stones of Light of various shapes and
brightness, there were also some random Stones. According to the Ice Witch,
although these were all priceless goods , they were still of the lowest tier of
Magic Stones. For example, there were Stones of Vigilance that sent out
signals and Stones of Pathfinding that located things. “I wasn’t in charge of
everything in the Holy City’s stone tower, and I was basically estranged from
the Quest Society at the time, so all the goods  I transported were
unimportant.”
“What about these book s?” Roland poi nted to the black book s in the other
boxes. “Are these all lab records?”
“Some of these are the General Principles.” Agatha blushed. “I wanted to
save a copy as a promotion guide to the new witches who had to reclaim
wastelands.”
Why was this embarrassing? Roland glanced at her curiously and continued
to sift through the remaining boxes.
“This woode n box… is a little strange.” Sylvie’s words caused his hands to
tremble and recoil immediately.
“Is there a booby  trap?”
“No… t here’s an interlayer,” she said, examining the box. “It’s at the very
bottom. I didn’t notice it at first because I thought it was only a regular
partition.”
Roland took out all the book s from the box, exposing the thick bottom. Anna
carefully cut open the woode n plank and retrieved a cast iron box.
“What’s it?” Roland curiously opened the lid and saw a thick metal plate
encrusted with four colorful crystals. Its design revealed that it was
obviously very unique. “Perhaps the Quest Society did leave you with some
valuable objects after all.”
Agatha gasped. “This… can’t be possible!”
Her dramatic reaction confused the other four people, and Roland
immediately put the metal plate back into the box. “What’s wrong?”
“This is the Sigil of God’s Will!” the Ice Witch said in disbelief. “How did
Kagar manage to get his hands on this?” She rechecked the box a couple of
times. “Did he steal it from the other witches in the Quest Society?”
“Maybe his fleet was attacked and someone entrusted him with it,” Roland
guess randomly. “It’s been 400 y ears, and it doesn’t matter who the box
belonged to… W hat on earth is the Sigil of God’s Will?”
“Some Magic Stones, when pieced together, can have extra abilities, alter
their magic pow ers’ properties, or increase their effects—this was the most
important topic of research for the Quest Society.” Agatha carefully scoope d
up the silver plate. “Magic Stones that are pieced together are called Sigils,
and the Sigil of God’s Will is the most pow erful kind. Its Magic Stones all
come from Senior Demons, and there are only three or four of its kind in all
of Taquila.”
Roland couldn’t help but whistle in awe. “How pow erful is it?”
“It can wipe out your entire castle.”
The prince choked in shock.
“Don’t worry, it also requires an alarming amount of magic pow er—the more
Magic Stones are on the Sigil, the harder it is to activate.” Agatha closed her
eyes, and two of the Magic Stones on the metal plate began to glow, while
the third remained dull. After a while, she seemed to be exhausted and let go
of the plate, panting. “The only witches who could use the Sigil of God’s
Will were the Union’s two Chiefs.”
“You mean… Transcendents?”
Agatha nodde d.
Roland thought for a while and said, “Let Anna have a try.”
“That’s useless,” Agatha said, shaking her head. “Extraordinaries use their
magic pow er differently from ordinary witches, basically practicing all the
time. Once they evolve, the amount of magic pow er in their bodi es will
greatly surpass… W hat?!”
Everyone saw that as soon as Anna touched the Sigil, the four Magic Stones
immediately began lighting up one by one, and the edges of the metal plate
began streaming with a gold light that looked like lightning. The gold light
became more and more intense, and the Sigil shone like the rising sun!
“Let go of it right now!” Agatha screamed.
The light immediately vanished as if it had never even appeared. Anna let out
a gasp and gently placed the Sigil back into the iron box. “It does use up a lot
of magic pow er, so I can probably only use it twice.”
The basement was dead silent.
