Chapter 384
Chapter 384:  Sin and Redemption
Translator: Meh Editor: – –
After the darkness disappeared, Mayne found himself standing in an empty
square.
Everything in front of him seemed vaguely familiar… short houses, a
monastery still in construction, and a new stone church. The dirt floor was
dry and firm without a trace of snow, the sun was peeking through the clouds,
and a warm breeze kissed his cheek. It didn’t feel like the Months of the
Demons at all.
“Wait.” He suddenly realized. “Was this the old Holy City where I first
became a believer? At that moment, His Holiness O’Brien was hosting a
cleansing ritual on the square.”
“So this is the most prominent place in your memories,” said Zero coldly
from behind him. “It’s a pretty nice place.”
The Pure Witch!
His fragmented memories suddenly came together, and he felt a fit of rage
come over him. He turned around and glared straight at her. “Zero, are you
insane?!”
How dare she use her pow ers against me!
Also, why doesn’t the God’s Stone of Retaliation that I wear have any effect?
“I know exactly what I’m doing.” Zero smiled. “It’s you… w ho is still
confused. It’s alright. There’s more than enough time in your subconscious
world for me to explain this to you.”
Mayne was familiar with Zero’s pow er of the Soul Battlefield, which
allowed her to battle the possessed victim using only her mind, and the victor
would gain everything, while the defeated would lose it all. This was an
extremely rare type of summoning pow er and could only be resisted by
God’s Stone of Retaliation. “But… da mn it! I’m clearly wearing a God’s
Stone of Retaliation!”
He reached into his pocket and took out the blue crystal, the silhouette of
which reflected a cerulean light under the sun, showing no defects.
“Why?” Mayne asked, gnashing his teeth.
“Are you talking about the Stone?” Zero smiled. “Basically, its sphere of
influence has been removed. Of course, a mortal won’t be able to feel the
difference.”
“Its influence has been removed?” The Pope couldn’t help but stare. “There’s
only one person in the entire Holy City who can counter the effects of God’s
Stone of Retaliation, and that’s the Pure Witch Isabella.
This is… bl atant betrayal!
“These b*tches!” A vein throbbe d on Mayne’s forehead, and his hands shook
with anger. “If I knew how unreliable these tools were, I would have added
them to the God’s Punishment Army when I was appointed!” He tried to
control his temper and said bitterly, “When did this happen?”
“How could I know when she struck, since you put me in a cell to teach me a
lesson?” Zero shrugged. “I only asked her to do i t and that’s all.”
“You asked! If you hadn’t been planning this for a long time, how could she
do such a blasphemous thing so easily?” “No.” His heartbeat suddenly
stoppe d. “Even the two of them wouldn’t be able to pull this off…” After he
became the Pope, he moved into the bedroom that used to belong to His
Holiness O’Brien, which had all kinds of booby  traps and Verdict Warriors
standing guard at all times. Not to mention there were Advanced Magic
Stones by his bed, which he carried with him every day, and guards followed
him everywhere. How did they manage to find an oppor tunity to strike?
Mayne was so angry that he actually grew eerily calm. “What do y ou want?
Are you doing this just to get back at me for my punishment? Even if you kill
me, the entire cave below your cage is the influence area of God’s Stones, so
you have nowhere to run. As soon as the elevator stops, you’ll be spotted and
captured by the waiting Verdict Warriors. Don’t even dream of escaping this
cell, because when they start interrogating you, you’ll feel like the days of
whipping is just tickles to you.”
“I don’t want to escape.” Zero shook her head. “I want to replace you and
become the Pope.”
“…” Mayne was stunned. He had predicted all kinds of reasons, but he never
expected to hear this answer. “A Pure Witch as the Pope? You have quite an
imagination, since I’m the one who was crowned as the Pope in front of all
our believers! If you kill me, do y ou think they would accept you?”
“I don’t need to appear in front of everyone because I can just have a
‘mouthpiece’ to act as the Pope,” said Zero unconcernedly. “See, His
Holiness O’Brien also stayed in the Pivotal Secret Temple most of the time
and would wear a mask on the rare occasions he came out. Under these
circumstances, who could tell that the Pope was actually someone else?”
“You won’t be able to keep up your ruse for long! Didn’t you hear what I just
said? As soon as your cage hits the ground, when the Verdict Warriors realize
I’m not here, they’ll immediately arrest you!” Mayne roared. “If you let me
out right now, I can still forget that you ever did such a reckless thing!”
“As soon as the Battle of Souls begins, it won’t ever end,” said Zero with a
smile. “Also, you were wrong from the beginning, because they won’t arrest
me.”
“Won’t arrest her… W hat does that mean?” The Pope stared at the Pure
Witch’s eyes with a frown and tried to see what she was thinking, but her
eyes only shined with excitement and didn’t reveal a trace of fear or panic.
She didn’t avert her eyes and instead stared calmly at him, as if she was
saying a completely normal thing.
Mayne suddenly felt a bolt of electricity flash through his mind!
“Even giving up… m ay also be a wise choice.”
“I’m sorry, child.”
He opened his mouth, but he felt that his throat was choked by a pair of large
hands and couldn’t make a sound. He felt his heart sink, as if it fell into a
pool of icy water. After a long time, he said with great difficulty: “Is this all
O’Brien…”
“So you finally understand.” Zero arched her eyebrows. “The Supreme
Pontiff has given orders to all the guards and Verdict Warriors in the Pivotal
Secret Temple—they’ll never leave their position below ground and will
only listen to the Pope. You accepted the scepter above  ground, bu t you don’t
have the control of the Pivotal Secret Temple yet.” She chuckled quietly.
“Think about it. We’re currently above  the cave and the core organization of
the church, as well as the only place free from the guards above  ground and
from the influence of God’s Stone of Retaliation. Don’t you agree that this is
the perfect arena?”
The Pure Witch stoppe d smiling, and her eyes flashed like dancing flames.
“This is the battlefield His Holiness arranged for us, so whoever survives
will become the true ruler of the church.”
“How… how could this be?” Mayne felt his throat dry up. “This stupid old
man. Is he doing this to repent for his sins of taking the pow er that belonged
originally to witches? How absurd!”
The flames in Zero’s eyes were clearly from ambition, an emotion that was
rarely seen in Pure Witches—they were trained as tools since birth and were
all suppos ed to be unwaveringly loyal to church officials. “If we hadn’t
conquered those reckless… N o, shoot!” Mayne suddenly remembered what
His Holiness said to him before invading the Kingdom of Wolfheart.
“I’m sending two Pure Witches to fight alongside you. No one can escape
their wrath.”
Why didn’t he ever consider how acquiring the memories of the King of
Wolfheart and the Queen of Clearwater would affect Zero?
As he recalled O’Brien’s relieved expression in his last hour, he finally
understood t he meaning behind his dying words. Mayne gritted his teeth
furiously. “How did the old man not consider this issue? He had already been
preparing for the ambition to return to the Pure Witch’s heart.”
Is this the ending you hoped to see, Supreme Pontiff?!
