Chapter 381
Chapter 381:  Evelyn’s Resolution
Translator: Meh/TransN Editor: – –
Roland was frightened by the sentence “we don’t have much time left”, but he
was a bit relieved after hearing the full explanation. “Don’t stop in the
halfway. It sounds scary.”
“You think five years is a long time?” Agatha frowned and said, “The timing
was accurate at the first and the second Battles of Divine Will. I don’t know
why the cycle has now been shorten, and… i t may become even shorter.”
“I thought you would say the Bloody  Moon would come this winter,” Roland
shrugged and replied. According to the current research and development
plan, he would be able to universalize the new firearms throughout the whole
army in one year. As long as the enemies were not impervious to blades and
spears, they still had a chance to win the war. The only thing he needed to
pay attention to was that the construction of the territory should be developed
to an extent where it was able to support a long lasting war. This required its
land, popu lation and resources to be all at a high level, and that the territory
had sufficient strategic depth to allow people to retreat temporarily and
recover upon a defeat.
Therefore, the difficulty did not lie in weapons, but in the establishment of
two to three industrial cities to constantly provide popu lation, ammunition
and food. L ogistics guaranteed a victory, while staff guaranteed logistics. In
the end, he found what he needed most were still reliable leaders, cadres and
clerks. Without these, even he had unified the Kingdom of Graycastle, he still
could not integrate it into a war machine, and the nobility would probably
drag him dow n.
It’s indeed true that a country capable of waging a war always has a high
level of educational popu larity.
“What’s this weapon called?” Agatha suddenly changed the topic, “Back
then, I remember you called it 152m m Stronghold… ”
“Stronghold Standard Artillery,” Roland added, “There’ll be naval
artilleries in the future.”
“If you can fill the city wall with weapons like this prior to the arrival of the
Bloody  Moon, we probably can resist the attacks from demons. According to
Kyle Sichi, what I made in the chemistry lab is also a part of the cannon,
right?” Agatha seemed to be determined and said, “I’ll try my best to produce
liquid nitrogen and liquid oxygen, as long as you can… ”
“Don’t worry.” He comforted her. “We’ll defeat demons.”
*******************
“Was this all that I needed to do t oday?” Evelyn dipped her finger into the
wine and touched her tongue. The spicy taste appeared to be more instense.
According to His Highness’ requirement, the purer the white liquor was, the
better it would taste. The best spirit did not even have any water, and every
drop of  it was mellow and rich—although she felt the white liquor she made
became increasingly close to what His Highness described, it could lesser
and lesser be considered as “tasty”.
“Yes, good w ork.” The manager of the brewery labeled the wine jars and
nodde d to her. “Remember me to His Highness.”
“Can you… really sell these?” Evelyn asked, confused. From her past
experience of running a tavern, she was afraid that only few people could
take such a spicy flavor.
“For this, I don’t know either,” the manager smiled and said, “but there
would be someone coming to ship liquors every now and then, so I think
there’re still some people who like it.”
Evelyn was relieved instantly. If nobody  was willing to drink this, not only
did His Highness fail, but she herself would become useless as well… It
was fortunate that things turned out not to be what she thought was, and it
appeared that His Highness was a true great noble who knew the taste of the
nobility very well. She smiled, “I’ll take off then.”
Evelyn left the brewery and went across the streets filled with bitterly cold
wind. Upon returning to the castle, she sensed the warm air surrounding her.
The world inside the castle was totally different from the one outside. She
took a deep breath, taking off her coat to be closer to the warmth.
This kind of comfortable life was unimaginable at all in the past. In winter,
she used to either tightly sit with her families by a brazier, or curl up beneath
a blanket. “What’s the difference between the life in the castle and the
Kingdom of God that the church has alleged to be like spring all the year
round? Plus, His Highness had said that he would popu larize the central
heating system throughout the residential area, and enable all the subjects to
stay away from the piercing coldness of the Months of the Demons.” She had
no idea how many believers of the church had arrived at the Kingdom of
God, bu t in here, witches who were considered as Devil’s minions and
ordinary civilians were the first to enjoy this privilege. If it was known by
those believers, they would probably grit their teeth out of envy.
His Royal Highness is truly capable of everything.
Across the hall, Andrea, Ashes and Shavi were playing poker.
“Double eight!”
“Pass.”
“Double two! I win,” Andrea smiled proudly and said, “Ashes has the most
cards, six. Hand ove r the IOU for ice cream!” Then she turned around and
waived at Evelyn, “Hey, do y ou want to play with us?”
Out of curiosity, Evelyn could not help asking, “What’s an IOU for ice
cream?”
“That’s a bet,” Ashes waived her hand and continued, “Whoever has the most
IOUs will have to give her next ice cream bread to the winner. How does it
sound? Do you want to give it a shot?”
Evelyn was very hesitated. “This is a rare chance for her to make
conversations with combat witches. If it was on the Sleeping Island, bot h
Andrea and Ashes would be figures only next to Lady Tilly, who were rarely
seen, and would certainly not invite her to join their activities voluntarily.
Besides, Fighting the Landlord is indeed very interesting, with simple rules
but numerous variations, and it also requires teamwork. One can easily spend
the whole day just playing it. However…”
“Um, it’ll be the final exam soon. Aren’t you going to review what you’ve
learned?”
“Did you mean the exam for that basic course in the evening?” Andrea pouted
and said, “It’s very simple. Probably I can pass it without much reviewing.”
The other two seconded with a nod.
Right… A ndrea is the nobility, whose insight and knowledge are greater than
ordinary people. Both Ashes and Shavi can read and write. It appears now
that she’s the one that falls behind.
“I… I might as well not play,” she hesitated for a moment and said, “and I’d
better go back to my room and do s ome reading. You guys please continue.”
Leaving the three people who were a little surprised behind, Evelyn rushed
to Witch House. She pushed the woode n door  open, and found Candle sitting
at the table in the living room practicing the arithmetic exercises at the back
of the textbook .
“You’re back?”
“Yes.” Seeing the hard-working Candle, she felt a lot relieved at once. “How
did your revision go?”
“Not bad. Nature and arithmetic are a little hard to understand,” Candle
smiled and said. “How about you?”
“Me too,” Evelyn nodde d and said, “Let’s list all that we don’t understand
and ask Miss Anna in the evening.”
“Sounds good.”
According to Miss Scroll, these book s were written by His Royal Highness
himself, and they were part of his knowledge in his head. If she mastered
them, did it mean that she would also pos sess one part of his almightiness?
Evelyn thought in secret that although she couldn’t change the ability she was
born with, at least she could achieve progress in this regard by working hard.
Even if the nobles no longer liked to drink spicy white liquor, she could still
work as a teacher in the territory rather than being useless. To this end, she
pretty much read the textbook  and studied those difficult phrases and
equations whenever she had time, and she had become a frequent visitor of
Anna’, Scroll’ and Wendy’s room.
She had the lowest score during the last test, but she firmly believed that it
would not be the case this time.
“Let me set an achievable goal first—I want to exceed Maggie! ” she said to
herself.
