Chapter 402
Chapter 402:  Organizational Structure
Translator: TransN Editor: TransN
At the beginning of the second month of winter, Barov w alked into Roland’s
office, carrying a stack of book s under his arms.
As he walked up to Roland’s table, a huge color painting on the table caught
his attention. “Is this… a map of the entire Western Region?”
“Not just the Western Region,” Roland said, laughing. “It also includes a
portion of the Barbarian Land and the Misty Forest, especially this space
over here.” He pointed to an area in the northern part of the Impassable
Mountain Range—it was the Fertile Plains that Agatha had talked about. “At
present, the area that we’ve already discovered is equivalent to three
Western Regions. If we manage to cultivate the land of this large space, we
can resettle hundreds of thousands of people.”
In order to eliminate the threat that came from Devil’s Town, he had sent
Lightning and Maggie to comb through the area and draw up a map. Now that
Maggie could carry Soraya while she did the drawing, more accurate maps
could be drawn. Although the disappearance of the Devil’s camp was still a
mystery, the good n ews was that there was no sign of another enemy camp
within 200 k ilometers of Border Town.
“In the Barbarian Land, there aren’t only demonic beasts, but also… s cary
enemies, like you said.” Barov’s words came with a hint of hesitation.
“Won’t it be too da ngerous to cultivate the land towards the northwest?”
“By that time, the First Army will most likely be equipped with the pow er to
fight demons.” Roland slowly swiveled his finger around the plains on the
map. “It won’t be safe anywhere if we’re unable to defeat these enemies.”
Ever since demon scouts were spotted in the Misty Forest, he knew that he
could not conceal this information for long. In order to prevent the panic that
could be brought about by a sudden revelation, he first disclosed the
existence of demons to his top br ass. Judging from the current situation, the
reaction of the people were fairly normal. Of course, he had slightly
downplayed the strength of the demons by asserting that they were of the
same ilk as demonic hybrid beasts, while he did not divulge the history of the
two Battles of Divine Will.
Roland knew that his kingdom could not remain on the mainland bor der
forever if it wanted to be on par with the Four Kingdoms. Only the Barbarian
Land… or  should we say, the Fertile Plains, was a land area that was worthy
of his governance. In fact, the area that had been explored was only a tiny
fraction of the entire plains. One could imagine the vast amount of land that
humans occupied during the second Battle of Divine Will.
He retracted his finger, then rolled up the map and placed it to one side. “Do
you have any news to report?”
“Yes, Your Highness.” Barov nodde d and then spread the book s that were
under his arms in front of the prince. “I’ve drawn up a plan for the City
Hall’s expansion according to your demands.”
“Oh? I’ll have a look.”
In order to cope with the rapid growth of territory after the establishment of
the city, Roland utilized a futuristic classification of his government’s
functional departments, and thus set a new framework for management
organizations of his time. Overall, the upper sector of the government was
divided into four main branches, namely the City Hall, the military, the
Security Bureau and the Witch Union.
Under the expansion plan, the new City Hall would assume the role of the
cabinet or State Department, and would be the core institution of the entire
territory. In time, the personnel would increase to approximately 500 pe ople.
Its six departments would be finance, foreign affairs, education, agriculture,
industry and law, while new departments could be added at any time
according to demand. Moreover, if (or when) the Kingdom of Graycastle was
reunified, all of the other cities could follow this template and set up
corresponding lower sector institutions, and together they would be managed
by the City Hall.
In addition to its battle staff, the military also had independent production
and medical departments that served as logistical safeguards. Every military
division had a commander-in-chief who was responsible for specific combat
matters, but the supreme authority of the military rested with Roland himself.
The Security Bureau was a secret organization which hid in the dark. Its
funds were not allocated by the City Hall, while its members were also not
recorded in any dossier. Its primary functions were to monitor and ensure the
security within the territory and handle issues of official corruption.
Lastly, the Witch Union… R oland had thought hard about this organization
but eventually decided that it would be a separate department, instead of
sorting the witches into the other departments.
This was because, for some of the witches, their abilities would increase
dramatically after evolution, and then they would be able to work across
multiple departments. For example, Anna and Soraya could bot h play
important roles in industry, agriculture, military, and education.
Another reason was that there would be times when a witch would not be
assigned any work, and therefore, classifying them together could effectively
avoid dampening their enthusiasm. This was a point that Scroll and Wendy
had brought up to him.
Roland hoped that in the future, the Witch Union would ope rate on its own,
which included handling its membership, inspection and work allocation.
“Are you really able to hire so many literate people?” After he finished
reading the City Hall Director’s propos al, Roland raised his head and asked.
A 500- person institution was considered enormous in this era. Plus, the
requirement that every employee had to be literate would almost certainly be
impossible to fulfil in other territories. Although the royal city of each
kingdom might have sufficient literate people, these were in large part nobles
who were too pr oud and arrogant to be willing to serve as apprentices.
“Add in the fresh batch of graduates and there shouldn’t be a problem,”
Barov replied. “According to the feedback from the recruitment notices, jobs
in the City Hall are the most popu lar.”
“It seems that being a civil servant is popu lar everywhere… ” Roland arced
his lips upwards uncontrollably. “In that case, go ahead and recruit people
according to this scheme. The next and final task is to formulate laws.”
“Pass me the principal article that you mentioned the last time, and I’ll have
my apprentices complete the rest as fast as possible,” the City Hall Director
said in high spirits.
“It’s called Basic Laws,” Roland said and laughed. It appeared that
enthusiastic “model workers” were not only confined to witches—this was a
good s ign for a new regime.
“Another thing, Your Highness,” Barov said. “If the City Hall is expanded
according to the plan, the current building may not be able to accommodate
so many people. Can… ”
“You want to build a new City Hall?” The prince nodde d in agreement. “For
sure. I’ll arrange Karl to see to it.” In the eyes of the citizens, this was the
face of the lord. W hile they rarely had the chance to enter the castle, they
would often settle matters in the City Hall. Thus, a certain degree of splendor
and style was necessary. If it was austere and unembellished, the people’s
confidence in him might erode.
After Barov took his leave, Roland called his guards to bring in Prius
Dessau, the knight from the Elk Family.
Roland had not seen him for half a year. The knight was visibly fatter and his
face fuller than usual, while his cheeks even glowed a bright red. Life had
certainly been good.
“Recently, there’s been more eggs and pou ltry in the Convenience Market.
This’s all your credit.” Roland smiled. “Your way of raising chickens and
ducks must be great.”
“Hehe…” Prius laughed, somewhat embarrassed. “Without your support
from the start, I couldn’t have done any of this.”
Farming was not a smooth journey. When Prius first started, the fowl plague
even appeared and caused the death of many chickens. Roland simply thought
of it as a good l esson and did not give up on him. Instead, the prince
continued to buy baby chicks from the Stronghold and passed them to him for
raising. Presently, he had become an indispensable talent of the town’s
community.
“I plan to recruit you in the City Hall under the agriculture department. Do
you agree?”
“Your Highness, you… don ’t want me to continue raising chickens and
ducks?” Prius was slightly surprised.
“Of course not. You’ve been doing a great job, a nd therefore, I hope that you
can bring more people into this business.” Roland said encouragingly, “Soon,
I plan to expand the scale of farming by more than ten times. Then, you and
your family won’t be able to handle it alone. After you’re recruited in the
City Hall, you can pass on your experience to more people and teach them
how to farm.”
Given Lily’s ability to eliminate bacteria and diseases, the most thorny
problems of animal husbandry ceased to exist. Apart from chickens and
ducks, large livestock such as cows and lambs were also within the prince’s
expansion plans.
“This is undoubtedly a noble job that’s no less honorable than knighthood.”
The prince paused for a moment and then continued speaking. “There’ll be a
day when eggs and pou ltry will be served on the dining tables of every
household in the Western Region. And when people see these delicious
foods , they’ll all remember your name. What do y ou think?”
“I’m… w illing to serve you.” Prius Dessau clenched his fists and bow ed
respectfully.
