Chapter 409
Chapter 409:  A Reliable Ally
Translator: TransN Editor: TransN
“You’ve come to the right man,” Hood s miled and said in a raspy voice that
made it hard to tell his age. “Even though I live in the outer city, I happened
to be near the palace on the day of the incident, and as soon as I heard the
crash, I ran to the palace gate. You have no idea how terrifying the crash was,
because it sounded like lightning hitting the earth. All the surrounding
windows, whether paper or glass, were shattered by an invisible force, and
some people were even scared to death by the sudden sound… ”
Every Rat claimed to be nearby and to have witnessed everything, but each
person’s story was different from the other. “Okay, no need to ramble on
about unimportant things. How did it happen?” Otto Luoxi interrupted and
asked. “Was this incident really related to the Fourth Prince… R oland
Wimbledon?”
Hood c leared his throat and stretched out his right hand. “I can answer that,
but… ”
“You need the thing measuring all things on earth, right?” Otto ope ned his
wallet. “How much?”
The so-called “thing measuring all things on earth” was nothing more than a
gold royal. Only uncultured people like Rats would use such an obvi ous code
word or phrase to appear mysterious.
The Rat stuck up two fingers.
Otto took out two gold royals and placed them in Hood’s hand. “This is not a
small fee, so I hope your information lives up to it.”
“Of course. The reputation of Skeleton Fingers rests upon this.” The Rat
smiled greedily and poc keted the gold royals.
“A Rat’s reputation is as ridiculous as a ruler’s mercy.” Otto sniffed. “Go
ahead.”
“I’ll start by answering your first question.” After his payment, Hood’s
posture was much more relaxed. He sipped his ale, leaned back in his chair,
and poi nted towards the ceiling. “Thunder comes from the sky.”
“What do y ou mean?” Otto frowned.
“Didn’t you want to know what caused the crash?” the Rat whispered. “All
thunder comes from the sky, and this was no exception. I saw it with my own
eyes. Before the crash, a white rock floated into the palace, and then the
incident happened.”
“Nonsense! You mean to tell me that a huge rock fell from the sky and
smashed the palace into pieces?”
“Hehe, everything I said is true, or else Skeleton Fingers wouldn’t assign me
this task. If you think I’m lying, you can leave right now.” Hood s hrugged.
“But you won’t get your fee back.”
“… K eep going.” Otto tried to repress his annoyance.
“The rock entered the palace only seconds after it appeared, bu t I could
clearly tell that it wasn’t that big or fast and didn’t like something that could
destroy the Hall of Sky Dome, which is why I said it ‘floated’. Also, when
the crash and smoke appeared, I saw a menacing flash of fire that definitely
wasn’t caused by the collision,” Hood s aid, smacking his lips. “I mean, His
Highness Timothy’s search afterwards proved this very point—he closed off
and cleared the Inner City multiple times without arresting any suspects, and
the palace is heavily guarded, so where else could the attack be from if not
the sky?”
He took another sip of ale. “As for the fire and smoke, they resemble the
phenomenon caused when an alchemy solution called snow pow der burns,
which is why I’m certain that this was an attack. By the way, I also have
some information about snow pow der, but you’d have to pay only a little
more… ”
“No need, I don’t want to know.” Otto interrupted. He had already heard
through other channels about snow pow der, which was originally used in
celebrations but could be modified into a weapon. Rats probably didn’t
know anything about its specific content, so he didn’t feel like wasting his
money.
“Alright, now I’ll answer your second question,” Hood s aid, splaying his
hands indifferently. “This incident was certainly related to Prince Roland.”
“Why?”
“When did you arrive in King’s City? Of course, I’m not trying to ask about
your background or… identity, since that’s a rule of Black Street, so you
don’t have to answer me.” The Rat smiled. “What I mean is, if you arrived in
King’s City in early autumn, you’d know this: His Highness sent thousands of
soldiers to attack Western Region, but only very few returned, all bearing
letters from Prince Roland to His Highness.”
All six Rats had mentioned this, which meant that it was probably true, but he
continued to ask, “Are you talking about the warning of revenge? It sounds
quite scary. Are you sure it’s not pure folklore?”
“Most letters were brought by the soldiers into the palace, and the few that
were leaked were mostly seized by the City Hall, but Skeleton Fingers
always surprises its clients. I actually have a preserved ‘warning’ with me.”
Hood s tuck up five fingers. “Considering it’s a very rare letter from Prince
Roland himself, the price is slightly higher. What do y ou think?”
…
Otto Luoxi returned to the palace, and Belinda immediately stood u p to greet
him. “Any news?”
“Not much, but I did get my hands on a letter from Prince Roland.” He
handed the wrinkly piece of paper to her, took off his coat, sat next to the
fireplace, and told her all about what he had learned. “All six Rats gave
similar answers to the second question, and this paper proves them right—
Roland Wimbledon is not as weak as the King says he is, but the complete
oppos ite. If the Kingdom of Dawn allies with Timothy, we may benefit very
little and gain a tricky enemy.”
“But all the Rats’ answers to the first question were different,” Belinda said
with a frown.
“This proves that the attack was very mysterious and difficult to understand,
and I kind of believe what the last Rat said.” Otto sipped his hot tea and
sighed. Spending too m uch time in the cheap pub made him very
uncomfortable.
“From the sky?” Belinda gaped at him. “Are you crazy?”
“Of course not. If I hadn’t seen this letter, I wouldn’t dream of it either.
Roland was very confident about the time and location of the attack, and only
an attack from the sky would be able to pass the high city wall and strong
fortifications, confusing even the shrewdest Rats.” He frowned. “However,
what’s more important is what we do n ext.”
“With the imminent threat from the Church, they should stop fighting each
other and join forces against their common enemy.”
“That’s not for us to decide.” Otto shook his head. “The only thing we can do
is to find a reliable ally for the Kingdom of Dawn. His Highness Timothy
Wimbledon seems a little… unreliable.”
“Are you really going to go to Western Region?” Belinda was shocked. “Isn’t
that a place currently facing the dangers of the Months of the Demons?”
“It’s nothing compared to the danger of our kingdom collapsing,” he said
after some silence. “You can stay here and wait for the new king’s response,
while I travel alone to Western Region.”
