Chapter 300
Chapter 300 W itch House
“Ahool, Ahool!”
At the newly rebuilt castle backyard, Maggie, fiddling with her wings and
tail, was moving around under everyone’s appreciative gaze.
Although Roland had already heard about it from the witches’ own mouths,
when seeing Maggie’s “demonic beast form” for the first time, he still felt
genuinely shocked.
This enormous brown-skinned bird was ten meters long from the top of  its
head to the top of  its tail, it had a wingspan of around fifteen meters. Its
wings were similar to the fleshy wings of a bat, and when facing the sun, he
could clearly see its thin blood ve ssels and its skeleton. Likely because its
body  was too long, the bird had four limbs altogether, which was as thick as
an adult arm with claws at their end, which it used to support its body .
However, the most eye-catching thing was the head – it had three eyes,
forming a triangular shape, on both sides of its head. Furthermore, the rest of
the head was an entirely bloody  mouth which was able to ope n itself as wide
as a sacrificial bow l, very unlike a normal bird’s beak. Whenever Maggie
opened her mouth to speak, she’d expose a row of sharp teeth and a long
tongue, a sight which cause the other witches to shout out in fear.
“Is this the Devil’s flying mount?” Leaves exclaimed. “Fortunately, we didn’t
run into such a monster during our time in the wilderness, or we would have
never been able to run away.”
“If not for her evolving and getting this new ability, I’m afraid I wouldn’t
have been able to come back,” Nightingale said while petting Maggie’s
smooth neck. “I will prepare a pocketful of small pieces of grilled fish for
you every day.”
“Ahool-!”
“I know, I’ll pour some honey over them.”
Hearing this promise, the bird’s tail began swinging more cheerfully.
Those fish are obvi ously all mine, Roland secretly sighed, without
permission, she just takes the kitchen food t o reward others, don ’t make it
sound as if you are doing something great ah!
“Alright, then let us check your new skill according to the old rules.”
“Ahool!”
…
After a morning of endless repeating, Roland obt ained all the details about
Maggie’s new beast form.
Following the previous convention of magnification, her brown skinned giant
bird form was larger than the original Devil’s mounts, in addition, her lifting
capability was also a increased, allowing her to carry two witches.
However, the flight speed she could maintain when fully loaded was only
about eighty kilometers per hour, which compared with Lightning was much
slower.
Anyway, Maggie’s strong point was that she had sufficient enough
persistence to carry heavy weights without having to reduce the height she
was flying at, unlike Lightning. At the same time, this new transformation
also consumed more magic, but after completely changing into a giant bird,
no matter if she was flying at a high or a low altitude, or carrying one or two
people, her magic consumption remained extremely little. The only issue to
consider was her own physical pow er.
Nowadays, the amount of magic pow er Maggie could contain within her
body  had also increased by a significant margin, allowing her to jump from a
place at the bottom of the Witch Alliance to among the middle level. Meaning
that she could now change her form seven to eight times a day.
Apart from this, through Maggie, Roland could confirm one of his previous
speculations.
The witches’ chance to evolve was due to their understanding of their own
ability, regardless of whether they grasped this kind of knowledge through
learning or in a sudden flash of realization, it could always provok e a change
of their ability.
This also implied, that there existed a possibility for natural evolution – as
long as they lived long enough, there would always be one or two lucky ones
who could rise above  others. When one compared their first ability with their
ability after their evolution, it was like comparing heaven and earth, so much
that even something rotten could become something mystical. Was that the
reason why the Church was trying to suppress the wild witches?
After consuming lunch, the Lord’s castle area welcomed a major event.
After nearly four months of construction and decoration, it was finally the
day that they would put the witch house to use.
Looking at the merely three-layer building, with less than fifty suits, Roland
sighed endlessly. When placed into the future, this kind of house could only
be regarded as being at the level of a self-constructed countryside home; but
here, it represented the highest degree of architecture in the mainland – n ot
because of its scale, but rather the technology behind it.
It was the first house made out of a mix of bamboo r einforced concrete, and
bricks.
Roland could still remember how Karl, pou ring the first column of
reinforced concrete, had said to him with all sorts of feeling welled up in his
heart, “That cement could originally also be used like this, that it can be
shaped into any desired form when mixed with cobble, and also be used
anywhere in the house… Your Royal Highness, I think it won’t be long until
the stonemason occupation disappears from the masonry work.
Apart from the beams of the roof, all the other floors of the witch house were
made out of precast concrete slabs. When he looked at those pieces of
concrete slabs with holes in the middle, Roland felt like he’d returned to the
time of his childhood – on ly back in the eighties could this kind of ancient
building material still be seen. However, by the time he was ten, cast-in-
place concrete floors had already replaced it, and in time the technique had
been completely abandoned.
And now in Border Town, the “backward” technique of precast concrete
slabs was once again reborn.
The Witch House was located on the left side of the castle, forming together
the letter “L”. After the expansion of the garden, its area was three to four
times larger than before, so even with those two buildings there was still
enough open space left for Leaves to improve her various kinds of fruits and
crops.
*
Evelyn, with a somewhat anxious and frightened feeling, checked into the
brand-new house.
It was already more than one month since she’d came to Border Town, but
until now it seems that besides serving His Highness wine she had don e
nothing else. Furthermore, with merely five points in the last exam, she was
also at the bottom of all of the witches… A lthough Scroll had never
announced the results to the public, this kind of thing was easy enough to
guess as long as she did some private inquiry.
Even Honey, who only spoke to birds the whole day long had gotten seven
points!
She suddenly felt that there was no difference between herself and an idiot.
Even so, she couldn’t detect any difference in the way His Highness treated
her and the others. He would still find her to talk about the characteristics of
the wine from time to time, often under the pretense of bringing a newly-
made painfully burning white spirit. Furthermore, she had also got one gold
royal as last month’s salary, something which aggravated her feeling of
insecurity even more – compared to the other four, she felt like nothing more
than a freeloader.
“There is actually a kitchen dedicated to cooking next to the living room, in
addition, there is a strange little room which they’d painted white. Quickly
come and look,” Candle, ope ned the bedroom door  and started talking
excitedly.
“Hmm…” Evelyn responded weakly without strength.
“What happened? Are you feeling unwell?” Candle asked in concern, while
squatting dow n in front of her and feeling her forehead, “You’re not too hot.”
Then she suddenly laughed and said, “Don’t tell me, are you missing sleeping
in one bed together with our sisters from the Witch Alliance?”
For a moment Evelyn was silent, then whispered, “We have been here for
over a month, right?”
“More or less.”
“Lotus is responsible for the construction of the new wall, which she will
soon be finishing. Honey is in charge of training new messengers, and Sylvie,
even accompanied His Highness to investigate those terrible monsters,” She
said frustrated. “Only I still have nothing to do. I  didn’t even get an arranged
training plan, my exam’s results were also the worst… I really do n ot know
why His Highness wanted me to come.”
“Oh.” After pondering about it a bit, Candle answered, “Why don’t you go
and ask him in person?”
“Huh?”
“His Highness, Roland is Lady Tilly’s brother, you have seen how he treats
us witches with sincerity. Even Sylvie, who always kept saying, ‘Keep away
from Roland, be  vigilant of the Prince,’ has changed her words, and even
went as far as saying some words of praise yesterday.” Candle shrugged, “As
long as you asked him with someone else present, it is impossible that he
will chew you out, isn’t that right?”
It seems her words contain some truth. Evelyn thought, in order to no longer
torture herself, she decided to act in accordance with Candle’s suggestion.
