Chapter 272
Chapter 272 N orth Slope Mine
The further dow n into the mine, the more humid the environment became.
Sylvie was holding up a torch and gingerly evading the drop of  water falling
towards her head as she led the group further into the mine. Even without any
light, her Eye of Truth wasn’t something that could be stoppe d by the
darkness. Thus she merely used the torch to save her magic pow er.
“There is another fork in the road,” Nightingale who was walking at the front
said after she stoppe d, “Which cave is this already?”
“Twenty-third after passing the first fork from the entryway,” Lightning
answered, as she took a look at the records.
“I hope this is the last one,” Sylvie grumbled, then completely opened her
magic eye, “The left side… spreads away from the mining area, there is no
ore there. The right side… is the same.”
Lightning wrote dow n the results then announced, “In that case, those caverns
were also the last gates we had to inspect.”
“Come on,” Nightingale said and went from the front to the end, leading
everyone back. It didn’t seem that her ability was as simple as invisibility,
Sylvie could only see faint changes in Nightingales’ magic pow er, but was
ultimately unable to capture her figure or movement. According to
Lightning’s introduction, she was the strongest fighting witch.
This may also be the reason why Roland had her to follow them. There were
rumors that the mine had once been a nest for ancient monsters, and there had
already been several events of miners going missing. Before their departure,
His Highness had also told them several times that they had to be careful and
that in case they couldn’t determine the situation, they should first exit the
mine and report back to him.
However, Sylvie couldn’t accept this as correct. There existed no monster
which could escape the investigation of her magic eye, even those animal
corpses, and the twisting soft-bodied snakes within the walls were clearly
visible to her.
There were four people in the expedition team, herself, Nightingale,
Lightning, together with a little girl called Lucia. Every time they found some
minerals, she would convert them into a variety of debris, and after carefully
classifying them she would put them into her pocket, which would later be
handed ove r to His Royal Highness.
Lightning was responsible for drawing the map of the mine, since in her own
words, there didn’t exist any adventure from which she could be excluded.
Hearing her prideful speech, Sylvie couldn’t help but think of the captain
who was temporarily staying on Sleeping Island.
The 23rd cave was at the lower level of the mining site and could actually be
regarded as an enormously deep hole. After penetrating several hundred
steps into the mountain, it divided into three paths again, and after following
each to their end, they would once again split into several branches.
However, since they were at the exterior area of the mining site, with only
the rare possibility of find any veins, they had decided to end their
exploration.
Returning to the first fork, which Lightning had recorded as “Gate of Life”,
Sylvie cast her ability to obs erve the 23rd cave and the circumstances of
those three pathways.
The further she spread the range of her Eye of Truth, the greater the magic
consumption was, and the heavier the burden on her body . So she decided to
observe one channel after another at each fork.
“Cave number three… yes, there aren’t any mining areas at the end of it.
There are… ” she spent a moment frozen in shock, “There are five branches,
including one that seems to lead further dow nwards while also making a
detour.”
“Downwards?” Lightning repeated.
“It is indeed like that,” Sylvie confirmed while taking another look. It didn’t
take long until the slender dow nwards leading path turned around a corner
and poi nted straight back at the mine. When she tried to further explore along
the road, her mind suddenly became floode d with a strong sense of dizziness
which interrupted her contact with her magic eye, “I think it may lead to a
mineral deposit.”
But this interpretation was a bit far-fetched, the North Slope Mine’s tangled
and complicated cave system was clearly not something which had been
artificially dug out. Furthermore, if she hadn’t been specifically looking for
ore, it would be unlikely she’d have discovered any unknown veins, even if
they were hidden between two channels. If not for her Eye of Truth which
was able to penetrate any obstacle, it would be simply impossible to find any
minerals hidden behind rocks and under piles of mud.
“No matter what, let’s immediately go and take a look,” Nightingale said, and
shrugged her shoulders.
The group entered the cave behind the third gate one after another, and about
a quarter of an hour later they had already arrived at the end of the passage.
There the tunnel divided itself into five like she had seen it. One among them
was even so narrow that it was impossible for people to walk through and so
it could only be entered by crawling. However, the strange channel Sylvie
had seen before was located in the middle of the five, and its topog raphy
changed dramatically, almost forming a deep slope when compared with the
place they were standing now.
“It seems as if it is going straight dow n,” Nightingale said and held up the
torch, “I feel as if this grotto is somewhat similar to the deep cliff of the
Impassable Mountain Range.”
“Let’s quickly finish the inspection, then immediately turn back,” Lucia said
in fright as she instinctively grasped on to Nightingale’s arm. “I do n ot like it
here… I constantly feel as if something is staring at us from within the cave.”
“There is nothing in the cave, except for mud and stone,” Sylvie said, even
though she didn’t like this quiet and moist place, her ability still told her that
there was no danger. “The four on the left and right all contain no ore and are
leading further away from the mining site.” She quickly finished the
inspection of the leveled side roads, then moved her line of sight towards the
front, only to immediately lose focus and release a faint, “…ah?”
“What’s going on?” Lightning asked.
“I… am unable to see the circumstances further dow n.”
“You cannot see it?” The little girl asked in disbelief, “Can it be that you are
too tired and so your ability just don’t work?”
“No, my ability doesn’t have any problems,” Sylvie said and closed her eye,
before opening it again, only to see that everything still remained dark, the
same as if she had completely lost her vision. Enduring the on-coming
headache, she tried to expand her field of vision further, but the results still
remained the same, while the surrounding soil became clearly discernible.
Only the pass in the middle was enveloped in complete darkness which was
as thick as ink. “There seems to be something which obstructs my peeking.”
“You will all wait over here and don ’t leave,” Nightingale ordered while
simultaneously drawing her two shining silver weapons, “I will go in to
explore the situation and immediately come back afterward.”
“Do not go!” Sylvie shouted, grasping her forehead in pain, “There exist only
one thing that can produce such an effect. Even if you go, you will be in
danger.”
“What is it?”
“God’s Stone of Retaliation,” Sylvie said through clenched teeth, “There is a
God’s Stone of Retaliation underground, and it is covering that whole
region!”
…
When Roland heard the news, he immediately mobilized soldiers of the First
Army and led them into the North Slope Mine.
And the result of their inspection confirmed Sylvie’s guess; they discovered a
large amount of God’s Stone of Retaliation at the bottom of the deep hole.
After determining that there was no danger, Roland also entered cave No. 23
with the protection of his personal guards. He wished to see for himself how
the God’s Stone of Retaliation at the bottom of the mine looked like.
“Your Highness, please be careful,” Carter reminded him once more, “The
exit is directly in front of us.”
“You are unable to use your magic here,” Roland said while looking back at
Anna, Nightingale, and Lightning standing behind him, “Didn’t you learn it
from Sylvie?”
“Even without magic, I will still be stronger than you. If you can go, I, of
course, can also go,” Nightingale said disapprovingly.
“Wherever there is an adventure; I will also be there.” Lightning announced
while puffing out her chest.
Anna however didn’t say anything, she merely stared straight into Roland’s
eyes. Seeing the flickering flame from the torches in her clear eyes, Roland
knew that regardless what he said it would prove to be useless.
“All right,” he sighed. “But you must stay by my side and don ’t move too
far.”
Coming to the end of the slope, Roland immediately understood t he meaning
of the Chief Knight’s words.
Suddenly his eyes became filled with light, and a vast and deep cavern then
appeared in front of him.
Even without the aid of torches, he could still clearly see the whole cave
since it was illuminated by the crystal prism like God’s Stone of Retaliation.
He could see some majestic towers rising straight from the ground, with a
diameter of twenty to thirty meters at the base which seemed similar to some
very large neon towers.
