Chapter 271
Chapter 271 E lements
Kyle Sichi returned home after finishing the day’s experiments, his wife had
already baked flatbread, made him some mushroom soup, and pou red him a
glass of white wine.
The latter two were both goods  that were sold at the convenience market,
especially this sort of huge white mushrooms, which were just like the words
on the signboard described them as: you won’t find any fresher, or more
fragrant delicacy, after one taste you too w ill discover this to be true. If you
eat even one piece, you will find it difficult to forget its full and unique
flavor.
Of course, its price was also very alarming, one palm sized mushroom
required one silver royal. If it weren’t for his good s alary, Kyle would never
be able to bear buying such an expensive food. B ut there were also a lot of
other things similar to this, such as perfumed soap and mirrors. As long one
had enough money, their life in Border Town would be much more
comfortable than that of an average noble.
Roland was simply deep beyond measure, this was also the deepest of point
he felt.
After he finished the evening meal. His wife handed him a letter.
“This is?”
“The letter was delivered by the guard this afternoon, at that time you still
hadn’t returned from work,” she answered, as she started to clean the
tableware, “He said that it had apparently come from Redwater City.”
“Is that so?” Kyle asked as he entered his study. He cut open the seal using a
knife then removed the parchment before spreading it out.
To his surprise, the first sentence was actually, “Dear respected mentor.”
Seeing that Chavez was the one that had sent the letter, he couldn’t help but
smile. He sat at his desk and began to read through it carefully.
Initially, when Kyle left the Redwater City Alchemic Workshop, a nother
alchemist named Capola had become the new chief. But that person had been
narrow-minded, and after obtaining the crystal glass formula left behind by
Kyle, he not only claimed towards the Lord that this was his and Kyle’s
work, he even excluded Chavez either intentionally or unintentionally from
the alchemy experiment group.
Within the letter, Chavez complained, that this was perhaps because he
wanted to bor row the idea of the double stone acid method from him, but in
the end didn’t want to announce the achievement to the other side. Nowadays,
several other alchemist apparently had also begun to intentionally or
otherwise shun Chavez, which caused Kyle to feel quite troubled.
Kyle could roughly understand what those people must be thinking, Chavez
was the youngest alchemist of the refining room, so many people still thought
that it had only been by relying on luck and Kyle’s appreciation for him as a
discipline that he had been able to stand out of the crowd. But the chief
alchemist could only snort disdainfully at that sort of view. Saltpeter and
green vitriol were both everyday things, so why had it been Chavez and no
one else who had discovered the double stone acid method? This point alone
should already sufficiently explain this issue. Perception, memory, making
assumptions without fear, and being diligent during experimentation were all
indispensable elements, in the end this young man’s innate skill was even
above  his own.
At the end of the letter, Chavez had attached two alchemic formulas, claiming
they were two of his recently discovered acids he wished to share with his
mentor. But even at the first glance, Kyle could see that the essence of these
two formulas was just the creation of salt when acids and alkali react with
one another, this was the kind of recipe he could write dow n dozens of time
in a single breath.
With a sigh, Kyle Sichi put the letter dow n and glanced at the “Elementary
Chemistry” laying on his table.
Everything had changed with His Highness and his so-called “ancient
book s”. If it hadn’t been for them, he was afraid, that he would still be the
same as Chavez, still aimless, and bewilderedly wandering through the
primal chaos, hoping to find some clay on the surface and still regard it as
some kind of treasure.
Taking the book , Kyle immediately went to the last page.
It showed a table which was neatly divided into a hundred square box.
Every time he looked at the table, he couldn’t help but get goosebumps all
over his body  and feel a hard to describe reverence… and fear from within
his heart.
Every box had a small serial number in the upper left corner which without a
miss arrived at 118 at the end. Beside the first two rows, the majority of the
boxes were blank, except for some symbols in the middle. For example,
twenty-six: iron, twenty-nine: coppe r.
The name of this table was: “Periodic Table of Elements”.
While holding the book  in his trembling hands, the chief alchemist had asked
Roland about the contents of those blank boxes, merely to receive the answer
that they had originally been filled, bu t he was unable to remember them.
If at that time, the other party hadn’t been His Royal Highness, he most likely
would had taken the book  and thrown it into the other’s face.
According to the records in the book , this table contained all existing
elements on earth. If there existed a Canon of Alchemy, there was no dou bt
that this would be the most dazzling chapter in the whole book . What scared
him the most was the question, what type of person was able to draw such a
chart? And if they had already done this before, what were alchemists then
suppos ed to be regarded as? They seemed to be merely a gang of children
sitting within the silt and piling up some rocks.
Kyle suddenly thought of His Royal Highness’ promise, in case he was also
able to call Chavez over, and also pull over the group of recently recruited
apprentice, maybe he would be able to fill those three new laboratories. In
that way, his dream of laying his hands on the “Intermediate Chemistry”
would become a reality.
Thinking until here, he immediately took out a piece of white paper and
began to write his response.
In fact, at the meeting when His Royal Highness had asked him whether he
had any clue relating to large-scale acid production, he hadn’t told him the
truth. Because the content was complex and lengthy, it would have been a
waste of time doing so. The most important matter was that he still didn’t
know whether his program worked or not. After all, he had based his
production method entirely on the elements and reaction principles written
within the book .
Compared with the previous alchemy test, this hypothesis was like a child’s
nonsensical mutterings in their sleep. Wanting to use materials he had never
seen before, together with an unheard of reaction method, to create something
which seemed to have no similarity with the raw materials, only because they
had the same type of element.
But within Kyle’s heart he still had a faint premonition, it felt like this
method m ight actually be feasible!
After all, within the previous hundreds of permutation experiments, there had
not been one time which where the book ’s statement wasn’t correct.
With the initial plan concluded, the next step was for him to complete a full
set of theoretical tests within the laboratory. Since His Highness had said that
the industrial method could be used for large-scale production, it should also
be possible to reproduce the results in the laboratory.
Kyle soon finished the letter, he didn’t waste any words on consoling
Chavez, and instead straightforwardly told his previously marvelous
discipline about alchemic knowledge that was both available and
measurable. Kyle believed that there didn’t exist any alchemist who was
brimming with the interests of a wise man, that would let the oppor tunity to
seek truth pass them by.
After folding the letter, placing it into an envelope and sealing it with wax,
Kyle could do n othing other than wait for the next day to give the message to
a traveling salesman who wanted to deliver it.
After all this, his line of sight once again moved to the periodic table.
Thinking about those blank boxes which would never be filled again, Kyle
felt as if his life no longer had any joy left to offer him. But fortunately, His
Royal Highness had said one short phrase which had made his heart surge,
and until today those words were still pacing back and forth within his ears.
“Don’t put on that look, the periodic table arranges each element in a regular
pattern according to an underlying law. You can fill it up by yourself.”
“Regular… pa ttern? Do you mean that those unknown elements can also be
deducted, just like the derivation of an alchemical formula?”
“That’s right, even if you have never seen them before, you can still describe
their appearance and characteristics.”
“That rule, what is it?”
“Do you want to know? It is written in the ‘Intermediate Chemistry’.”
