Chapter 276
Chapter 276 N ew artillery research and development
While on her way to bring the ore to His Highness, Nightingale’s answer was
running through Lucia’s mind.
She had to admit, she was shocked by the calm manner in which Nightingale
had revealed her feelings.
Although she wasn’t entirely clear about the feelings of all the people
involved, bu t a witch and a prince… simply couldn’t ever be with each
other, right? So shouldn’t she be careful and hide her thoughts at the bottom
of her heart, and never let others know about them?
Furthermore, why would she as a simple listener feel so excited and
embarrassed?
Coming to a stop in front of the door  to the office, Lucia took a deep breath
before pushing open the door  and entering.
“Your Highness, I’ve brought the ore.”
“Let me see,” Roland answered as he fought the urge to yawn.
The ruler of Border Town seemed the same as always, with his drowsy-eyed
appearance it seemed it hasn’t been that long since he’d finished taking his
nap and it wasn’t like he was in that much of a clear-headed state yet either.
While leaning comfortably against the back of his chair, showing a natural
bearing and speaking with an easy-going tone, he was completely unlike the
other nobles with their strict and insulting mannerism.
Seeing him like this, Lucia’s former indescribable nervousness loosened by a
small amount. She then calmly took out the ore granules they’d found in the
Northern Slope Mine and place them on the desk one after another.
After being broken dow n with her ability, all those granules now seemed to
have almost the same look. Their colors weren’t ash-colored, bu t were
silver-white instead, and it was probably only a brilliant person of wide
learning like the Prince that would be able to distinguish what these ores
really were.
However, even after looking at them for a long time, the Prince still ended up
knitting his brow. First, he took them into his hand one after another in order
to estimate their weight. He then went to the window behind his desk to take
a closer look from within the sunlight, only to finally wave with his hand and
say, “Keke, seems I have no choice but to give these ores to Mr. Sichi to
identify them. For now, you can go back to the courtyard at the North Slope
and continue the practice of your ability, if there is something you don’t
understand you can always go to Anna and ask.”
“…” Huh? There exist something His Highness doesn’t know? Lucia quickly
bowed and said, “Yes.”
Just as she was about to leave the office, Roland called out to her again.
“Oh, that’s right, your present test grade is pretty good, s ixty-eight ranking
ninth in the class. And that’s after just one month of learning. Showing such a
performance is not easy, so you must try and keep it up. Also…,”  he paused
for a moment. “I hope that Bell can also participate in the next exam together
with everyone.”
“Yes!” Lucia excitedly agreed.
*
After watching the little girl happily bow  away, Roland looked at the metal
particles on the table and sighed.
I was too naive, thinking that by breaking them dow n into one element, I
might be able to discover what kinds of ore veins are hidden within the
Northern Slope Mine. However, I once again have to acknowledge that there
is a great deal of difference between mechanical engineering and geology. If
that wasn’t the case, I would have known that these stones would be broken
down into three or four different kinds of metals. The most of the still
remaining parts of the rocks can be considered as metalloid ores, but they
have almost no difference in their color or shape. Such as iron, aluminum,
magnesium, potassium when in a high purity state they are all silver-white
metals, if I ever wanted to distinguish them by naked eye it will be much too
difficult.
In the end, it is still better to give this issue to the chief alchemist to resolve,
after all, he can verify the characteristics of the material through observing
their chemical reaction, which should be much more reliable than my own
guesses.
When he made up his mind regarding this matter, Roland took out a piece of
paper and began planning on how to deal with the upcoming Months of
Demons.
Seeing that summer was about to end, these three months of fall were his
final preparation time. Besides resisting the invasion of the demonic beasts
from the West, he had also had to keep an eye on Timothy and the Church
who might come from the Eastern side. Unlike last year where he had to pull
on his lapels exposing the elbows, Border Town’s popu lation and income
nowadays had gone through a substantial growth. They had also gradually
increased the iron production, and with the help of more than a dozen
witches, he was sure that he would be able to turn the Western Territory into
an impassable iron bastion.
Based on to the previous year’s combat experience, the greatest threat to the
wall was without a doubt the mixed demonic beasts. Especially so when the
enemy had a thick crust, which would be hard to wear dow n using bullets,
and thus could only be killed by explosion at a close proximity, or by sending
witches out of the city. However, no matter what kind of countermeasure he
used, they both held high risks.
Also, until now he had only faced attacks from the enemy’s cavalry or
infantry, so he had never seen this era’s siege weaponry. If the other side
could construct a torsion catapult, or the more advanced counterweight
trebuchets, he feared that he would encounter a lot of trouble. After all, the
process of loading a cannon so that it could fire was very inconvenient. Not
only did they have to to raise the cannon chamber each time they loaded , it
was also easy for the cannon ball to roll out of it.
These circumstances all meant it was inevitable that he would have to
develop a new cannon.
After thoughtfully thinking about it, Roland began to list all of the
requirements he had onto a piece of paper.
First of all, it had to have a sufficient shooting distance and force; enough that
it could break through the shell of a mixed species that was a thousand meters
away. Secondly, it had to be rear loaded, this way the head could freely be
lowered or raised, while still preserving its ability to shoot quickly. Finally,
in order to reduce the time of repeated research and development, the cannon
should also be designed to fulfill several purposes. Meaning that in addition
to being used to defend a stronghold and suppress the enemy, it could also be
directly pulled onto a ship and be employed as the major weapon for future
heavy gunboats.
Because of this it would have to be a large caliber with a long barrel type of
heavy artillery.
Roland first thought of those 15-16 cun (2.5cm) huge monsters that were used
on battleships, with a range of several scores of kilometers, and pow erful
enough for a shot to dig several meters deep into the ground, on ly to quickly
reject an unrealistic idea such as this. Although there shouldn’t be any
problem on the processing side, but with Border Town’s current level of
materials, it meant that at least nine out of ten cannons would be explode.
And if he thickened the cannon’s wall to more than one meter, they would
lose their practical value since he would be no longer able to move them.
By now he could only give birth to high-purity wrought iron that had the
performance of ordinary steel. So the plan still had to be on the conservative
side.
Roland finally set the caliber to the sacred number of 152 m illimeters.
The cannon used a vertical wedge breechblock, which was upwards and
downwards sliding door ..When it was pulled dow n it exposed the cannon’s
chamber, and after loading it with an artillery shell, the block could be
moved back up to completely lock the rear, so that the gunpowder could only
erupt forward. Compared to a spiral breechblock and horizontal wedge
breechblock, its speed was faster, and its principle was also very simple and
was a blueprint he already knew by heart.
However, if he wanted to implement rapid firing, the artillery had to be
equipped with a recoil mechanism, which in simple terms resembled two
bicycle pumps, one that was filled with a padding of oil and the other with a
spring or gas. Due to the recoil the muzzle would press against the two tubes,
and would simultaneously compress the oil and the spring. The oil was used
to buffer the recoil, while the spring would store the pow er and push the
canon back into its original position after the shell left.
Lastly the shell.
Since he was already using the sacred cannon, there was no way he could be
satisfied with using clumsy iron balls and paper wrapped canister shot
anymore. But Roland decided to develop two sets of artillery shells just to
be safe, one would be the enlarged version of a bullet, with a warhead made
out of solid metal; and another kind, on e that had an explosive warhead and
using an impact detonator, like the howitzers used by later generations. After
all, he would surely come across some technological problems while
developing the explosive warheads, things like the development of a reliable
detonator needed repeated testing. Because of this he couldn’t guarantee that
he could achieve it before the begin of the Months of Demons, therefore they
had to first produce the former before they could resolve the problems of the
latter. Even with a solid warhead, it should still be possible to easily deal
with the slow-moving thick-skinned mixed beasts and fixed siege equipment.
Of course, no matter which kind of shells he used in the end, bot h would still
consume a lot of smokeless gunpowder. In case they weren’t able to start
large-scale production of the two acids, the new guns could only be used as
special weapons, which would mean that wanting to employ a large artillery
barrage would be impossible to realize despite how much he wanted to do
so.
At this moment, one of his personal guards pushed ope n the door  and entered
the office.
“Your Highness, a secret letter from King’s City has arrived.”
Roland put dow n the quill and ope ned the envelope. From start to finish, the
letter didn’t have a signature, and its handwriting was also very unfamiliar,
but its short sentence made it clear that Theo was undoubtedly the one who
had sent it.
“Today a group of about a thousand people left King’s City, while heading
toward the Western Border.”
